Starting with the 3G services and
3G phones and
smart phones,
we see lots of other radios beyond
the cellular radio used for
wide area networking.
Getting it to the phones.
And all of these radios mostly
operate in the unlicensed,
ISM band, Industry of Scientific and
Medical bands.
And they're more for
near field communications.
If you just want to connect
your access point or
your headset and some other sensors.
So we will briefly look at
some of these in this lesson.
We do not have anything planned
to go deeper in future courses.
But maybe depending on the interest,
we may have an additional
course in this specialization,
focusing mostly on the other
radios that are there on the smart phone,
tablet platform.